Sci-embodied redesign (#995)
Green-Software-Foundation/if: src/if-run/builtins/sci-embodied/README.md

Software systems cause emissions through the hardware that they operate on, both through the energy that the physical hardware consumes and the emissions associated with manufacturing the hardware. Embodied carbon refers to the carbon emitted during the manufacture and eventual disposal of a component. It is added to the operational carbon (carbon emitted when a component is used) to give an overall SCI score.

Read more on [embodied carbon](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/sci/blob/main/Software_Carbon_Intensity/Software_Carbon_Intensity_Specification.md#embodied-emissions).

> Our plugin follows the Cloud Carbon Footprint methodology for calculating embodied carbon and extends it to scale down the total embodied carbon for a poiece of hardware by the portion of it that should be allocated to a particular application, using a `usage-ratio` and `time`. The `usage-ratio` is a term that can be used to scale by, for example, the storage you actually use on a shared server, rather than the total storage available fir that hardware, or the time you are active compared to the hardware lifespan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our plugin follows the Cloud Carbon Footprint methodology for calculating embodied carbon and extends it to scale down the total embodied carbon for a piece of hardware by the portion of it that should be allocated to a particular application, using a `usage-ratio` and `time`. The `usage-ratio` is a term that can be used to scale by, for example, the storage you actually use on a shared server, rather than the total storage available for that hardware, or the time you are active compared to the hardware lifespan.
```

    'parameter-name-in-the-plugin': 'parameter-name-in-the-input'
```

### Config

`baseline-vcpus`: the number of CPUs to use in the baseline server, defaults tothe CCF value of 1,
`baseline-memory`: the amount of memory to use in the baseline server, defaults tothe CCF value of 16,
`baseline-emissions`: the embodied carbon assumed to represent a baseline server, in g
`lifespan`: the lifespan of the device, in seconds. Defaults to 4 years (126144000 seconds),
`time`: the time to consider when scaling the total device embodied carbon, if not given defaults to `duration`
`vcpu-emissions-constant`: emissions for a CPU in gCO2e. Defaults tothe CCF value (100000),
`memory-emissions-constant`: value used in calculating emissions due to memory, defaults to the CCf value of 533/384
`ssd-emissions-constant`: emissions for a SSD in gCO2e. Defaults tothe CCF value (50000),
`hdd-emissions-constant`: emissions for a CPU in gCO2e. Defaults tothe CCF value (100000),
`gpu-emissions-constant`: emissions for a GPU in gCO2e. Defaults tothe CCF value (150000),
`output-parameter`: name to give the output value, defaults to `embodied-carbon`

> Note that if you do not provide any config at all, we will fallback to defaults for everything, equivalen to setting the baseline server equal to the CCF version, which has 1000000g of embnodied emissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if you do not provide any config at all, we will fallback to defaults for everything, equivalent to setting the baseline server equal to the CCF version, which has 1000000g of embodied emissions.
```
